ENH Set Affinity propagation labels if any clusters were found (#22217)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  `gamma`, `n_neighbors`, `eigen_tol` or `degree`.
  :pr:`21881` by :user:`Hugo Vassard <hvassard>`.

- |Enhancement| :class:`cluster.AffinityPropagation` now returns cluster
  centers and labels if they exist, even if the model has not fully converged.
  When returning these potentially-degenerate cluster centers and labels, a new

>   warning message is issued to the user. If no such cluster centers were constructed
>   then the standard result of returning an empty list and labels of `-1` along with
>   an error messages is maintained.

Reviewer: Slight rewording:

```suggestion
  warning message is shown. If no cluster centers were constructed,
  then the cluster centers remain an empty list with labels set to
  `-1` and the original warning message is shown.
```
